THIS PAGE IS A STUB -- more information to come soon

## Course Description
Communication, both oral and written, is essential in academic careers and beyond. This course aims to help graduate students in mathematics develop skills to more effectively communicate their discipline and their research, through teaching, writing and oral presentation. Half of the course will focus on teaching, and will prepare students to teach their first course. Students will learn evidence-based techniques for teaching effectively in the classroom as well as best practices for assessment. We will also discuss strategies for handling the various challenging situations often faced by instructors. The other half of the course will focus on academic writing, and will help students understand the “logic” of writing so as to construct clearer prose both at the sentence, paragraph, and article level. Throughout, the course will pay attention to how skills from both of these areas transfer to creating clearer, more engaging research presentations.

This course will be run seminar-style, with much of the learning occurring through feedback from other students. Students are expected to actively participate during the course time, and to complete several assignments including observing a class, teaching a short class, writing a research report and completing shorter writing exercises. The course is best suited for upper-level PhD students in all areas of mathematics, who have a little experience with teaching and writing in an academic setting but who wish to gain a more structured understanding.

